Prepare 2023.8 release (#151)
python/python-docs-theme: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
=========

`2023.8 <https://github.com/python/python-docs-theme/releases/tag/v2023.8>`_
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

- Add Python 3.12 and 3.13 classifiers (#147)
   Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade
- Dark mode: Also give aside.topic a dark background (#150)
   Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade

> - Revert "Enable the slash keypress to focus the search field (#141)" (#146)
>    Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade

Reviewer: I think we should focus on the impact to the user -- this change was made as the mobile menu was broken:

```suggestion
- Restore the menu on mobile devices (inadvertently broken in 2023.7)
   Contributed by Hugo van Kemenade
```

Author: Good idea, I've edited the suggestion to include the PR reference: "(#146)"
